website/src/content/docs/features/pr-inbox.mdx, before:

---
title: PR Inbox
description: Understanding the GitDesk PR inbox interface
---

# PR Inbox

The PR Inbox is the main interface of GitDesk, showing all your pull request activity in one place.

## Inbox Tabs

GitDesk organizes your PRs into two main tabs:

### Review Requests Tab

This tab shows PRs that need your attention:

**Pending Reviews**
- PRs where you've been requested as a reviewer
- Shows PR title, repository, and author
- Displays time since last update

**Recently Reviewed**
- PRs you've recently reviewed
- Shows your review status (Approved, Changes Requested, Commented, Pending)
- Helps you track PRs you're involved with

### Created Tab

This tab shows PRs you've authored:

**Open Pull Requests**
- Your currently open PRs
- Track review status from your team
- See merge readiness at a glance

**Recently Created**
- Your most recently created PRs
- Quick access to PRs you've authored

## PR Card Information

Each PR card displays:

| Field | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| **Title** | The PR title |
| **Repository** | Owner/repo format |
| **Author** | PR author with avatar |
| **Labels** | PR labels with colors |
| **Base/Head** | Branch information |
| **Updated** | Time since last update |

## Organization Filter

Filter PRs by organization using the dropdown in the header:

- **All Organizations** - Show PRs from all your organizations
- **Specific Org** - Show only PRs from the selected organization

The filter applies to all tabs and is remembered across sessions.

## Actions

- **Click** - Open the PR in your browser on GitHub
- **Search** - Use the search bar to filter PRs by text

## Refresh Behavior

- Auto-refresh every 5 minutes in the background
- Manual refresh with the refresh button in the header
- Theme toggle (dark/light mode) available in the header

Commit message:

chore: rename app from GitDesk to Openza Flow (#6)
* chore: rename app from GitDesk to Openza Flow

- Update package name from gitdesk to flow
- Update app display name to "Openza Flow"
- Update application ID to com.openza.flow
- Rename class GitDeskApp to FlowApp
- Update all platform runners (Linux, Windows, macOS)
- Rename Flatpak manifests and update contents
- Update build scripts and CI/CD workflows
- Update all documentation and website references
- Update GitHub repository URLs to openza/flow

* docs: fix duplicate "Openza" in documentation

Fix search-and-replace artifact that resulted in "Openza Openza Flow"
instead of "Openza Flow" in architecture and building docs.

website/src/content/docs/features/pr-inbox.mdx, after:

---
title: PR Inbox
description: Understanding the Openza Flow PR inbox interface
---

# PR Inbox

The PR Inbox is the main interface of Openza Flow, showing all your pull request activity in one place.

## Inbox Tabs

Openza Flow organizes your PRs into two main tabs:

### Review Requests Tab

This tab shows PRs that need your attention:

**Pending Reviews**
- PRs where you've been requested as a reviewer
- Shows PR title, repository, and author
- Displays time since last update

**Recently Reviewed**
- PRs you've recently reviewed
- Shows your review status (Approved, Changes Requested, Commented, Pending)
- Helps you track PRs you're involved with

### Created Tab

This tab shows PRs you've authored:

**Open Pull Requests**
- Your currently open PRs
- Track review status from your team
- See merge readiness at a glance

**Recently Created**
- Your most recently created PRs
- Quick access to PRs you've authored

## PR Card Information

Each PR card displays:

| Field | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| **Title** | The PR title |
| **Repository** | Owner/repo format |
| **Author** | PR author with avatar |
| **Labels** | PR labels with colors |
| **Base/Head** | Branch information |
| **Updated** | Time since last update |

## Organization Filter

Filter PRs by organization using the dropdown in the header:

- **All Organizations** - Show PRs from all your organizations
- **Specific Org** - Show only PRs from the selected organization

The filter applies to all tabs and is remembered across sessions.

## Actions

- **Click** - Open the PR in your browser on GitHub
- **Search** - Use the search bar to filter PRs by text

## Refresh Behavior

- Auto-refresh every 5 minutes in the background
- Manual refresh with the refresh button in the header
- Theme toggle (dark/light mode) available in the header
