website/src/content/docs/getting-started/installation.mdx, before:

---
title: Installation
description: How to install Openza GitDesk on your Linux system
---

import { Tabs, TabItem, Steps } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

# Installation

Openza GitDesk is available as an AppImage and Flatpak for Linux systems.

## Download

<Tabs>
  <TabItem label="AppImage">
    Download the latest AppImage from the [GitHub Releases](https://github.com/openza/gitdesk/releases/latest) page.

    <Steps>
    1. Download the `.AppImage` file
    2. Make it executable:
       ```bash
       chmod +x GitDesk-*.AppImage
       ```
    3. Run the application:
       ```bash
       ./GitDesk-*.AppImage
       ```
    </Steps>

    **System Requirements:**
    - Ubuntu 22.04+, Fedora 35+, or Debian 12+
    - GLIBC 2.34 or newer
  </TabItem>

  <TabItem label="Flatpak">
    Download the Flatpak bundle from [GitHub Releases](https://github.com/openza/gitdesk/releases/latest).

    <Steps>
    1. Install Flatpak if not already installed:
       ```bash
       # Ubuntu/Debian
       sudo apt install flatpak

       # Fedora
       sudo dnf install flatpak
       ```
    2. Install GitDesk:
       ```bash
       flatpak install GitDesk-*.flatpak
       ```
    3. Run the application:
       ```bash
       flatpak run com.openza.gitdesk
       ```
    </Steps>
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Build from Source

If you prefer to build from source, see the [Building from Source](/gitdesk/development/building) guide.

## Next Steps

After installation, proceed to [Authentication](/gitdesk/getting-started/github-token) to connect your GitHub account.

Commit message:

chore: rename app from GitDesk to Openza Flow
- Update package name from gitdesk to flow
- Update app display name to "Openza Flow"
- Update application ID to com.openza.flow
- Rename class GitDeskApp to FlowApp
- Update all platform runners (Linux, Windows, macOS)
- Rename Flatpak manifests and update contents
- Update build scripts and CI/CD workflows
- Update all documentation and website references
- Update GitHub repository URLs to openza/flow

website/src/content/docs/getting-started/installation.mdx, after:

---
title: Installation
description: How to install Openza Flow on your Linux system
---

import { Tabs, TabItem, Steps } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

# Installation

Openza Flow is available as an AppImage and Flatpak for Linux systems.

## Download

<Tabs>
  <TabItem label="AppImage">
    Download the latest AppImage from the [GitHub Releases](https://github.com/openza/flow/releases/latest) page.

    <Steps>
    1. Download the `.AppImage` file
    2. Make it executable:
       ```bash
       chmod +x Flow-*.AppImage
       ```
    3. Run the application:
       ```bash
       ./Flow-*.AppImage
       ```
    </Steps>

    **System Requirements:**
    - Ubuntu 22.04+, Fedora 35+, or Debian 12+
    - GLIBC 2.34 or newer
  </TabItem>

  <TabItem label="Flatpak">
    Download the Flatpak bundle from [GitHub Releases](https://github.com/openza/flow/releases/latest).

    <Steps>
    1. Install Flatpak if not already installed:
       ```bash
       # Ubuntu/Debian
       sudo apt install flatpak

       # Fedora
       sudo dnf install flatpak
       ```
    2. Install Openza Flow:
       ```bash
       flatpak install Flow-*.flatpak
       ```
    3. Run the application:
       ```bash
       flatpak run com.openza.flow
       ```
    </Steps>
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Build from Source

If you prefer to build from source, see the [Building from Source](/flow/development/building) guide.

## Next Steps

After installation, proceed to [Authentication](/flow/getting-started/github-token) to connect your GitHub account.
